Add documentation for Traces beta feature (#7004)
dagger/dagger: docs/current_docs/manuals/user/cloud/index.mdx

### Pipeline visualization

> Dagger Cloud provides a web interface to visualize your Dagger Functions calls and each step of your pipeline. You can drill down to detailed logs, understand how long operations took to run, and debug issues with your pipeline with tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dagger Cloud provides a web interface to visualize your Dagger Function calls and each step of your pipeline. You can drill down to detailed logs, understand how long operations took to run, and debug issues with your pipeline with Dagger traces.
```

Capitalization of traces tbd
